---
layout: post
title: "Fabric 87: Mixed by Alan Fitzpatrick Review"
description: "Alan Fitzpatrick's explosive techno mix for London's Fabric nightclub"
headline: 
modified: 2016-07-23
category: techno
tags: [fabric]
imagefeature: 
mathjax: 
chart: 
comments: true
featured: true
---


### Exhilarating from the beginning, Alan Fitzpatrick’s Fabric 87 techno mix is a sample of why he one of the most popular electronic artists on the planet at the moment.


Alan’s rise to the top of the Techno scene has been one of hard work and dedication. After years of flawless releases, Alan is now finally getting the recognition globally that he deserves.


<style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/48-MxGisIYY' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>


<br>
This is a superb mix, with our own highlight being the transition into Monoloc's 'Try Some’ before shifting up a gear. A must own for any techno enthusiast!

Full track listing below:

1. Weltschmerz (Melodic Theme) - Charlotte de Witte
2. All I Think About Is Death (Radio Slave Atmos) - Scuba
3. Zen - Marcel Fengler
4. Triage - Roberto
5. Submission (Truncate Rework) - Truncate & Jimmy Edgar
6. Wokabeat - Mike Dehnert
7. Lolly Pop (4am Mix) - Reset Robot
8. Mouth to Mouth (Scuba's Orbital 93 Mix) - Audion
9. Windy Cindy - Bjarki
10. Untitled #3 - Markus Suckut
11. Where Haus? - Alan Fitzpatrick
12. 1992 (Boxia VIP) - Alan Fitzpatrick
13. Meckwiki - Mike Dehnert
14. Try Some - Monoloc
15. Pressure (Roman Lindau Remix) - Reset Robot
16. Stigma - Psyk
17. Eyes Wide Open (Mark Broom Edit) - Alan Fitzpatrick
18. Forward - Ilario Alicante
19. Flat Rotation Curves - Operator
20. Wrangel Calling - 2000 and One
21. Speak Out - Session Restore
22. End Theme - Alan Fitzpatrick
23. Bullets (Alan Fitzpatrick's Lights Up Remix) - Drewxhill

Enjoy!

<iframe style="width:120px;height:240px;" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" src="//ws-eu.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?ServiceVersion=20070822&OneJS=1&Operation=GetAdHtml&MarketPlace=GB&source=ac&ref=qf_sp_asin_til&ad_type=product_link&tracking_id=rechun02-21&marketplace=amazon&region=GB&placement=B01BXGUMS4&asins=B01BXGUMS4&linkId=&show_border=true&link_opens_in_new_window=true">
</iframe>